Hey, people, beauty.
loco abreu lost control of the steering and if necessary
The Doctor
the important thing now
in the outlet
the isolated state
I say
however Galician revealed
delegate
and I ask myself
I hope he surrenders.
now portuguese
is that the motherboard
Yes, I do.
Thank you, normal
now pay attention
on the edge of the adolescent bodies
This ipi discount
it shoots more for the inter
already the making of law occurs
already taylor memories
are prohibited from applying the poison
the delegate has not been connected
It was horrible
and I'll try to help
of a thing
once again
the government leader
claiming to be very heated
in the same period
two to six years
the English coaches
the here
the south has
that over there
but the same thing
I know I can not
and then clear
the other problem